freshbooks is the cloud accounting
software built for small businesses
check them out and get a free trial at
freshbooks dot-com slash Linus CES so
here I am at CES and once again razer
has an utterly crazy prototype project
lynda thing that they're showing off
that actually really isn't that far out
there so in front of me i have what
appears at first glance to be three
razor blades tilts but one of these
things is not like the other or in sort
of different terms two of them are not
like the other this is a regular razor
blade stealth it has an intel core
something-or-other processor it has a
screen it has a battery it has a GPU of
some sorts of RAM some storage
these ones are totally different so we'd
actually seen concepts like this before
where you take whoa did you just press
that button where you take your phone
and you just put it into kind of a dumb
shell and take that CPU that ran that
storage that battery that Android
experience and make it larger than life
and razor is showing off actually a more
finished version of this than I probably
would have expected so they moved the
keyboard up so there's no power button
here anymore
the power button is now on the side of
the phone so your fingerprint it's going
to work just fine as long as you use the
right fingerprint cuz normally you would
set the razor phone with your thumb
because it's kind of on the side anyway
don't worry too much about those details
then you've got a 1080p screen up here
which may or may not ever be a real
product at all so will it be 1080p I
don't know but in the future they do say
it will be touchscreen so how are you
able to clarify that it will have some
specs but you can't say that it'll have
others because it might not ever be a
part you know what it's not the point
the point is you got a big screen up
here that would be touchscreen you've
got a small screen down here that you
can use as a second screen slash use as
a gigantic trackpad the speakers are
actually built into the phone and then
they're gonna have some other
functionality built into this guy as
well so it's gonna have an extended
battery so you're not gonna have to
worry about the still impressive four
thousand milliamp hour battery but maybe
not good enough to power
this screen for a long time battery
you're gonna be able to get hopefully a
fair bit of use out of it it's got a
full-sized razor grade keyboard so that
means nice clicky keys in the case of
the razor blade stealth as well as full
RGB lighting it's got an illuminated
Razer logo on the back and they're
working out a way to use USB on-the-go
for expanded storage so it's not clear
whether that would be through a microSD
slot or whether that would be through
storage that's actually built into the
chassis itself in terms of i/o right now
the project Linda version of it has a
headphone jack so razer does know we
still need those how about that it's got
a type C input that can also be used for
charging and power and then it's got a
type-a over on the other side so the
idea here is that whether it's for
larger screen gaming or whether it's for
some you know Lightroom I mean phone
processors are getting so powerful that
you can legitimately don't right sorry
this one's tethered down they didn't
want me lifting that one I'm sorry so
you can legitimately do productivity
type work on your phone processor the
idea is now you've just got a bigger
screen in order to be able to have a
better experience so they're not talking
about pricing if I had to guess I'd say
based on just you know the aluminum
construction sort of quality the
components and all that I don't think
it's gonna be cheap so let me know what
you would think would you consider
buying like a shell accessory like this
that is for one specific model of phone
although we don't know what razor's plan
for the future of the razor phone is
maybe they're gonna keep this form
factor for a bit I don't know but would
you consider an accessory like this to
have a more laptop like mobile
experience with your phone device and if
so please leave a comment letting me
know how much you would consider paying
for something like that but wait don't
go away hold on hold on there's one
other thing that I wanted to show you
guys here today Oh check this up so this
is cool I actually asked razer they had
no idea if this was gonna work or not
but hey USBs USB right and this thing
for a project type product not product
project it's in a fairly functional
state actually check this out this right
here is the Razer Mamba
flex it is a wireless mouse that
requires no battery and no wire
whatsoever because it is using inductive
charging now you might say well hold on
a minute linus logitech has had that for
months and you would be right but that's
slightly different because razer
solution doesn't have a battery so when
you take it off the pad you have to plug
in the cable or it just doesn't work at
all and you might go put - that sounds
terrible well hold on maybe it's not
terrible maybe it's just a different use
case because unlike logitech solution
the Mamba hyper flux is extremely light
so what it has in it is a capacitor that
charges up over a span of about 30
seconds because I mean it's got to use
all the rest of the power so for all the
you know chroma RGB lighting and
everything on it and then that gives you
about five to ten seconds of you know
liftoff time we're like oh I
accidentally went off my mouse pad but I
wanted to make sure that it's working
right away and there it is completely
wireless mouse and all yours for the
value price of just - $49.99 us so
anyway thanks for checking out our video
from here in the Razer suite at CES 2018
and a huge shout out to FreshBooks for
allowing us to be here fresh books is
the cloud-based accounting solution for
freelancers and small business owners it
allows you to create and send
professional-looking invoices in seconds
it lets you set up online payments in
just a few clicks to get paid up to four
days faster they've got their great
mobile apps for iOS and Android so you
can take the full functionality of the
platform with you and this is cool you
can actually see when your client has
seen your invoice to put an end to the
guessing game so for your free trial
head over to FreshBooks comm forward
slash - CES Thank You Colton we're gonna
have that linked in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
you can just like you can like it won't
hurt my feelings either way I'm just
gonna assume that if you disliked it was
something to do with race or not to do
with me while you're down there you can
check out where to see the rest of our
CES video sure let's link the playlist
down there or something like that yeah
because you can't buy any of this stuff
that's the problem with CES I can't use
my standard outro kills me